Boy, how dare you insult the Dragon God Guard?
You are courting death
Don't rush to do it
Wait for these idle people first
Lock them all in the next hall for me
There are some things they don't deserve to hear
Yes
What are you doing?
Xu Wenjie, you caused the trouble
Why are we carrying them?
Xu Wenjie, what did you do outside?
Lord Zhao
Our CEO Gao and Xu Wenjie have divorced
What he does has nothing to do with us
Mr. Guo is noisy again
Execute you all on the spot
Yes, Xu Wenjie
You can't. You guys let me go
What a big breath
What can you do to come at me?
Xu Wenjie
Is the Xu family's dragon jade pendant on you?
Yeah, but it's broken.
It's okay if it's broken.
I have a way
As long as you obediently hand over the jade pendant
I can consider giving you a good time.
Why?
Just because you're about to become a dead person?
You are shameless
Kill him for me
Don't you Shenlong Guards have ten guardians?
Call it all out
Just the two of you are not enough to plug my teeth